README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: update README with project description

README.md, after:

# Curious Articles

Generate in-depth, AI-powered articles on any topic through hierarchical research.

**Live:** [curious-articles.vercel.app](https://curious-articles.vercel.app)

## What is this?

Curious Articles is a web app that uses AI to generate comprehensive articles by recursively exploring topics. You provide a subject, and the app builds a tree of related questions—answering each one to create a detailed, structured article.

### How It Works

1. **Enter a topic** — e.g., "The history of artificial intelligence"
2. **Set depth & breadth** — Control how deep and wide the exploration goes
3. **AI generates content** — Perplexity AI explores the topic recursively
4. **Get your article** — A structured, in-depth article is saved to your library

## Features

- **AI-Powered Generation** — Uses Perplexity AI for intelligent content creation
- **Hierarchical Research** — Explores topics through a tree of related questions
- **Customizable Depth/Breadth** — Control article comprehensiveness (1-5 levels)
- **User Accounts** — Sign up to save articles to your personal library
- **Explore** — Browse articles created by the community

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 15
- Tailwind CSS
- MongoDB
- NextAuth.js
- Perplexity API
- Deployed on Vercel
